README.md, before:

# Sylvarcon 2049 - Legacy Version Setup Guide

> [!TIP]
> **NEW: Retrocompatibility & Web Platform Option**
>
> **Prefer not to install this unsupported legacy version?**
>
> We have introduced **retrocompatibility** on the official platform at **[www.sylvarcon2049.com](https://www.sylvarcon2049.com)**.
>
> You can now access the legacy content directly on the new platform with fully integrated features:
> * **Mission Descriptions:** View full details within the modern interface.
> * **Flag Submission:** Enter flags directly on the web.
> * **Hint System:** Consult clues and hints if you get stuck.
> * **Integrated Questions:** Answer mission questions seamlessly.
>
> **NOTE ON SCORING:** Since this legacy material is considered "open/released," completing these missions on the official platform **will not count towards your ranking points or score**. However, it allows you to enjoy the content in a stable environment without the complex setup below.

---

# 📦 Legacy Version Setup (Standalone)

**This section is for users who want to play the original standalone version locally.**

> [!WARNING]
> **UNSUPPORTED SOFTWARE**
> This is an **unsupported legacy version** provided "AS IS". It may contain bugs and is no longer actively maintained. We strongly recommend using the new platform.

> [!CAUTION]
> **DISCLAIMER:** Use at your own risk. We assume no responsibility for any issues, damages, or data loss that may occur from using this legacy software.

## About This Legacy Version

This standalone version uses VirtualBox virtual machines to simulate hacking environments. Four main VM packages are available:
- **PlayerVM** - Contains Claire's challenges and the Kali Linux investigation machine
- **Ethan Easy Missions** - Ethan's easy difficulty missions
- **Ethan Medium Missions** - Ethan's medium difficulty missions
- **Ethan Hard Missions** - Ethan's hard difficulty missions

All VMs are configured to communicate through a dedicated VirtualBox NAT Network called "Sylvarcon" on the `12.0.0.0/24` subnet.

**Note:** This is a standalone version that does NOT require Steam to play.

---

## Prerequisites

* **VirtualBox 7.0.4** or higher installed.
* **Sufficient disk space** (100+ GB recommended for all missions).
    * Linux VMs: ~15 GB each.
    * Windows VMs: ~60 GB each.
* **7-Zip** or compatible archive tool.
* **Legacy Packages:** Download from the OneDrive folder below.

📥 **[OneDrive – Sylvarcon 2049 Legacy Packages](https://1drv.ms/f/c/247d16c23b691d87/IgCp8RAvYTiNTY_krJbL4ymiAWoBGjbUlJVMRFLfDc51Ze4?e=fWoN0K)**

---

## Installation Instructions

### Step 1: Download Required Files

**Download Links Available at:** **[https://www.sylvarcon2049.com](https://www.sylvarcon2049.com)**

Download the following 7z packages:
1.  **Sylvarcon 2049 Game Build** - Main game executable.
2.  **PlayerVM.7z** - Claire's missions & Kali VM.
3.  **Ethan_Easy.7z** - Ethan easy missions.
4.  **Ethan_Medium.7z** - Ethan medium missions.
5.  **Ethan_Hard.7z** - Ethan hard missions.

### Step 2: Extract PlayerVM

**Target Location:** `Sylvarcon 2049\redist\PlayerVM\`

1.  Navigate to your `Sylvarcon 2049` installation directory.
2.  Go to `redist` folder.
3.  Extract **PlayerVM.7z** here.

**Expected structure:**
```text
Sylvarcon 2049/
└── redist/
    └── PlayerVM/
        ├── installscript.vdf
        ├── testFile.txt
        ├── VirtualBox-7.0.4-154605-Win.exe
        ├── Claire_Mission_XX/
        └── Sylvarcon-2049/ (Kali Linux VM)

Commit message:

Revise README for Sylvarcon 2049 setup instructions
Updated formatting and added detailed instructions for network configuration and troubleshooting.

README.md, after:

Markdown# Sylvarcon 2049 - Legacy Version Setup Guide

> [!TIP]
> **NEW: Retrocompatibility & Web Platform Option**
>
> **Prefer not to install this unsupported legacy version?**
>
> We have introduced **retrocompatibility** on the official platform at **[www.sylvarcon2049.com](https://www.sylvarcon2049.com)**.
>
> You can now access the legacy content directly on the new platform with fully integrated features:
> * **Mission Descriptions:** View full details within the modern interface.
> * **Flag Submission:** Enter flags directly on the web.
> * **Hint System:** Consult clues and hints if you get stuck.
> * **Integrated Questions:** Answer mission questions seamlessly.
>
> **NOTE ON SCORING:** Since this legacy material is considered "open/released," completing these missions on the official platform **will not count towards your ranking points or score**. However, it allows you to enjoy the content in a stable environment without the complex setup below.

---

# 📦 Legacy Version Setup (Standalone)

**This section is for users who want to play the original standalone version locally.**

> [!WARNING]
> **UNSUPPORTED SOFTWARE**
> This is an **unsupported legacy version** provided "AS IS". It may contain bugs and is no longer actively maintained. We strongly recommend using the new platform.

> [!CAUTION]
> **DISCLAIMER:** Use at your own risk. We assume no responsibility for any issues, damages, or data loss that may occur from using this legacy software.

## About This Legacy Version

This standalone version uses VirtualBox virtual machines to simulate hacking environments. Four main VM packages are available:
- **PlayerVM** - Contains Claire's challenges and the Kali Linux investigation machine
- **Ethan Easy Missions** - Ethan's easy difficulty missions
- **Ethan Medium Missions** - Ethan's medium difficulty missions
- **Ethan Hard Missions** - Ethan's hard difficulty missions

All VMs are configured to communicate through a dedicated VirtualBox NAT Network called "Sylvarcon" on the `12.0.0.0/24` subnet.

**Note:** This is a standalone version that does NOT require Steam to play.

---

## Prerequisites

* **VirtualBox 7.0.4** or higher installed.
* **Sufficient disk space** (100+ GB recommended for all missions).
    * Linux VMs: ~15 GB each.
    * Windows VMs: ~60 GB each.
* **7-Zip** or compatible archive tool.
* **Legacy Packages:** Download from the OneDrive folder below.

📥 **[OneDrive – Sylvarcon 2049 Legacy Packages](https://1drv.ms/f/c/247d16c23b691d87/IgCp8RAvYTiNTY_krJbL4ymiAWoBGjbUlJVMRFLfDc51Ze4?e=fWoN0K)**

---

## Installation Instructions

### Step 1: Download Required Files

**Download Links Available at:** **[https://www.sylvarcon2049.com](https://www.sylvarcon2049.com)**

Download the following 7z packages:
1.  **Sylvarcon 2049 Game Build** - Main game executable.
2.  **PlayerVM.7z** - Claire's missions & Kali VM.
3.  **Ethan_Easy.7z** - Ethan easy missions.
4.  **Ethan_Medium.7z** - Ethan medium missions.
5.  **Ethan_Hard.7z** - Ethan hard missions.

### Step 2: Extract PlayerVM

**Target Location:** `Sylvarcon 2049\redist\PlayerVM\`

1.  Navigate to your `Sylvarcon 2049` installation directory.
2.  Go to `redist` folder.
3.  Extract **PlayerVM.7z** here.

**Expected structure:**
```text
Sylvarcon 2049/
└── redist/
    └── PlayerVM/
        ├── installscript.vdf
        ├── testFile.txt
        ├── VirtualBox-7.0.4-154605-Win.exe
        ├── Claire_Mission_XX/
        └── Sylvarcon-2049/ (Kali Linux VM)
Step 3: Extract Ethan Mission PackagesTarget Location: Sylvarcon 2049\ (Root game directory)Navigate to your Sylvarcon 2049 root directory.Extract each Ethan mission package directly here.Expected structure:PlaintextSylvarcon 2049/
├── Sylvarcon 2049.exe
├── redist/
├── Ethan_Easy_01/
├── Ethan_Medium_01/
└── Ethan_Hard_01/
[!IMPORTANT]Ethan mission VM folders must be in the game root directory, NOT inside subdirectories.VirtualBox NAT Network ConfigurationThe game requires a specific NAT Network:Name: SylvarconCIDR: 12.0.0.0/24DHCP: EnabledAutomatic ConfigurationOn first launch, the game attempts to create this network automatically.Manual Configuration (Powershell)If you need to troubleshoot, run these commands as Administrator:PowerShell# 1. Navigate to VirtualBox
cd "C:\Program Files\Oracle\VirtualBox"

# 2. Remove existing network (if broken)
.\VBoxManage.exe natnetwork remove --netname Sylvarcon

# 3. Create fresh network
.\VBoxManage.exe natnetwork add --netname Sylvarcon --network "12.0.0.0/24" --enable --dhcp on

# 4. Start network
.\VBoxManage.exe natnetwork start --netname Sylvarcon

# 5. Verify
.\VBoxManage.exe list natnets
Save Game ManagementPath: Sylvarcon 2049\Sylvarcon 2049_Data\saves\To restore original save files:Backup your current saves folder.Copy your original SLOT1.sav or SLOT2.sav into the directory.Launch the game.TroubleshootingProblemSolutionVM Not FoundVerify folder names match exactly and are in the Root (Ethan) or Redist (PlayerVM) folders.Network ErrorEnsure "Sylvarcon" NAT Network exists in VirtualBox and DHCP is enabled.Disk SpaceCheck you have ~100GB+ free space. Windows VMs are very large (~60GB).7-Zip ErrorsUse the latest version of 7-Zip. Check if the download was corrupted.Legal Notice© 2025 Sylvarcon 2049®. All Rights Reserved.This software is licensed for personal, non-commercial use only.[!WARNING]LIABILITY DISCLAIMERThis legacy software is provided "AS IS". Use at your own risk. We assume no responsibility for data loss, system instability, or hardware issues resulting from the use of these virtual machines.Support:There is NO OFFICIAL SUPPORT for this version.Discord: Join CommunityOfficial Site: www.sylvarcon2049.comStatus: ⚠️ UNSUPPORTED | Last Updated: Nov 2025
